Or was it someone else who did it?
No. No, it wasn't.
I did the suction.
Is that true?
Why are you hesitating instead of explaining then?
We may summon you again...
if we need to during the investigation.
Besides the problem during the suction,
it's a crime that you did the surgery without...
her parent's consent.
The problem is...
There's another problem?
I'm a surgeon, not an OBGYN specialist. So...
So what?
I have never performed a cesarean before.
This is your first time?
Will you still entrust me with your daughter's life?
I can't operate without your consent.
I clearly explained it to her.
I explained all the risks...
without exaggerating or understating.
Please do it.
My daughter and grandchild.
Please save them.
I clearly got her consent.
Then why?
Mrs. Hwang.
Mrs. Hwang, please listen to me.
- I don't want to. - I have something to say to you.
We have nothing to say.
How are you feeling?
I'm sorry that your baby is in a critical condition.
But the pediatricians and I...
will do our best for your child's recovery.
- I said we have nothing to say. - I just need...
to check a few things.
- No. Please don't. - I won't take up much of your time.
Mrs. Hwang.
Before the surgery,
didn't I ask for your consent?
I clearly said I'm a surgeon, not an OBGYN.
Don't you remember it?
I don't know. I don't remember hearing it.
- Mrs. Hwang. - Stop.
Stop badgering my mom.
We have nothing to say to you.
Also, our lawyer told us not to speak with you.
Your lawyer?
You hired a lawyer?
Doctor Song Eun Jae.
I'm Jo Seong Min, a lawyer.
You met Ms. Hwang In Kyung, right?
And?
Please don't bother my client anymore.
Contact me if you need to talk to her.
I'm her legal representative.
It's me.
Where are you? Still at the police station?
No, I'm done with the inquiry. I'm at the hospital now.
Hospital? Are you working at the ER tonight?
- No. - Why did you go there then?
I just needed to check something.
Wait for me then. I'll be right there.
Okay.
"Law firm"?
(Pureun Law Firm)
"The leading law firm of Geoje".
It is a local firm.
(Jo Seong Min, a specialist in labor law)
"Labor law"?
Why is a labor law specialist...
handling a medical lawsuit?
(Pureun, Jo Seong Min)
(Lawyer Jo Seong Min legally represents Doosung Heavy Industries)
Their lawyer is...
someone related to Doosung Group?
Did you wait long?
No.
- You must be tired. - I'm hungry.
Do you want to go to eat something good?
I know what I want to eat.
You picked the food yourself?
A person can change.
A senior citizen sitting in front of a computer...
measures her blood pressure and blood sugar level...
by herself with a device.
(Your results have been sent.)
She sends the measured data to the doctor she wants,
and the doctor consults with her through a video call.
Have you been taking your medicine regularly?
I've been taking my blood pressure medicine.
I don't think you need any other medicine.
Do you have any other problems?
(Seo Soon Ae)
- Isn't this nice? - Yes.
- It's easy, right? - Yes, it's easy.
Goodness.
That's some amazing editing.
Doesn't she look like a real expert?
- She isn't? - My goodness.
Are you naive or stupid?
Ms. Seo Soon Ae can't even use a remote control.
How could she use a laptop?
It looks like she's measuring her own...
blood pressure and blood sugar.
If they were able to do that,
why would Hyun stay up all night helping them on the phone?
You have a point.
Let's say that by some miracle the elderly learned what to do.
Can we efficiently diagnose patients with that system?
We can't.
Why are they pushing for the remote medical service?
The whole province is promoting it.
- There must someone behind it. - Like who?
Someone who wants to use health to make money.
Someone who wants to use health to make money?
- Go ahead and eat. - Yes, sir.
Hello, Director Kim.
Did I make you wait?
No, sir, I just got here.
Come on, sit.
- Madam Han. - Yes?
Two oyster soups.
Some fresh and grilled oysters too.
Sure.
Business must be good these days.
You serve less food.
Don't say that, sir.
He's a very special guest, so treat him well.
Don't you worry. Come over more often.
Do you eat here often?
I started coming here since...
Doosung Construction broke ground.
That was 30 years ago.
You lead one of Korea's largest companies,
yet you are so humble.
You have my respect.
Merchants like me don't command respect. That's something...
doctors like you are more deserving of.
Nothing is more revered than treating human lives.
Thank you, sir.
Since we're on the topic...
- Yes? - I heard there was...
an incident at your hospital.
What incident?
You know,
Doctor Song Eun Jae, whom I recently saw.
Yes.
Criminal charges were brought against her.
- That issue is... - I also heard that...
she operated on a patient without the guardian's permission.
- She says different. - I'm sure she does.
Even the dead make excuses from the grave.
I strongly dislike disruptions.
This happened...
less than a week after we signed the MOU.
Now I have serious doubts as to whether...
I should invest in your hospital.
Sir.
I know you're a cautious person.
I trust you will make the right decision.
Wow, it smells amazing.
Let's taste it.
Yes, this is it.
Eat up.
- Get me one. - Okay.
What's this?
What does this mean?
What is it?
"Base of the remote medical service"?
If Jeil Hospital becomes the base for the remote medical service,
does that mean your dad is using health...
to make a profit too?
Hi, what is it?
The remote medical service.
Don't you know how dangerous that is?
- We'll reduce the risk. - How?
I told the chiefs to find a way.
Dad.
Nothing you can say will make me change my mind.
So get out.
- Is it about the money? - I need to save the ER.
It could kill the hospital ship.
Patients will die on the street if we close our ER.
If you...
had to choose between our ER...
and the hospital ship, which would it be?
This isn't a matter of choice.
It is a matter of choice.
Nothing in this world can satisfy both sides.
In the future,
you will have to make many more such cruel decisions.
You are now a member of our board.
Dad.
How old are you?
You're in your 30s.
Stop acting like a child.
Watch and learn.
This is what it means to be an adult.
You wanted ramyeon? Out of all things?
Don't say that. Ramyeon is delicious.
No, don't add too much water.
It'll taste bland.
Don't cook it for too long or it'll get soggy.
You nag more than I do.
It looks delicious.
[VIU Ver] Episode 34 Hospital Ship "I Got Their Consent"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why aren't you eating?
What are you staring at?
Take your time.
Were you that hungry?
I was...
really hungry that day.
Which day?
My first day on the hospital ship.
(Oh Hye Jung)
I read the entry you'd made in my mom's chart...
and finally saw how sick she had been.
As I sat there alone,
I felt like my heart would explode.
It drove me insane.
I felt so sorry for my mom...
and I missed her.
Do you know what the funny thing was?
Just then, my stomach made a huge rumbling sound.
My mom had died so suddenly.
I lost my job at the hospital.
The operating room was a mess.
You're right.
Most people in that situation wouldn't care about food.
But I was so hungry.
I found a packet of ramyeon that someone had left.
Did you cook it?
No.
I couldn't find the power button to the electric stove.
I ate it raw.
With the powder.
That's so sad.
Unfamiliar and awkward.
I felt unwelcome.
That wasn't so long ago,
but that day...
feels like a distant past.
Why?
Because you feel at home on the hospital ship?
And you have a boyfriend who's willing to cook for you at any time?
I think...
I'll have to...
stop coming on board the hospital ship.
What?
What did you say?
I have to...
get off the ship.
What do you mean?
I'm sorry.
I didn't keep my promise.
I told the police...
I suctioned the baby's airway.
What?
That's the story you should go with.
Why'd you do that?
That way...
we can protect the ship.
(Didn't she get fired from another hospital for similar reasons?)
The negativity from the news...
is now targeting our ship.
If this is true,
our hospital ship is a dangerous place...
where a psychopathic doctor wields a scalpel...
without a guardian's consent.
That's not all.
What if the town council complains we wasted our budget?
When did we waste our budget?
We operate on people for free.
That's the first thing they'll say.
People are already saying that.
"Will the hospital ship take out my appendix for free?"
"You're wasting tax dollars."
"Stop treating people for free."
Do people say that?
Most of them do.
Our governor's having a field day.
He might actually...
decide to put us out of commission.
Put us out of commission?
That's just wrong.
We all know that.
We need to come up with a plan.
What's our plan.
Say something, will you?
It's a cruel thing to say,
but right now,
we need one person to make a sacrifice.
One person?
Who's that?
Do you mean...
Doctor Song?
Is there...
any other way?
Do you want to see our ship get wrecked?
Oh, my goodness.
Doosung Group will do all it can...
to put us out of service.
We can't afford to give them a reason to.
As of right now,
my resigning from the team...
is the best solution.
They will lose traction...
once they have no reason to attack.
Doctor Song.
Someone has to stay and protect the crew.
If you fail,
all the patients you looked after...
will be forced to use the remote service.
You know better than anyone how dangerous that system is.
Can you handle that?
Give me time.
Two days.
Just one. I need time to think.
Let's make the decision then.
Doctor Kwak.
Please.
Lee Jang Shik.
Lee Jang Shik, come in.
Sit over there.
You can't skip your medication.
Do you think I want to?
I can't help it that I'm so forgetful.
Kim Soon Deok.
Don't eat just anything because it's good for you.
Your liver count went up.
I have no choice. I feel so weak.
I'll eat anything...
that will give me energy.
I told you to stop pricking the blisters with a toothpick.
If this gets infected, you might end up losing your foot.
Cure me so that I'll stop having blisters.
You're diabetic. You must watch your blood sugar.
Take your medicine...
and avoid sweet or salty foods.
And apply lotion to keep your skin moist.
If I can remember to.
I'll apply a bandage.
There you go.
We're done. You can come down.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Hello.
Do you remember me?
It's tough, I know.
Did I do something...
to make things worse for you?
(Kim Han Sol)
Kim Han Sol.
You have a name now.
Be strong, Han Sol.
You're tiny,
but you fought alongside us.
You clung onto life...
and kept on fighting.
That's how you came into the world.
Please fight.
Just one more time.
This place...
Our world...
can be horribly tough,
but still,
it's a place worth living.
There are...
some great things too.
(NICU)
Did you see the baby?
Her name is Han Sol.
What will you do?
We must...
protect the ship.
(Geoje Police Station)
Detective Kim?
Yes.
I'm Doctor Kwak Hyun from the hospital ship.
Why did you want to see me?
Hwang In Kyung.
Some facts about her cesarean need...
to be straightened out.
I'm here...
to straighten out the facts.
(Hospital Ship)
Are you okay if the hospital ship closes?
Telling the truth to the patients and their guardian.
I can't neglect such duty.
The public believes the press.
Were you afraid that the hospital would lose its reputation?
My baby is sick because of you.
Starting today,
you will no longer work in the ER.
I tried my best to smile,
but it doesn't help me.
Don't try to fight alone from now on.